Fix the NotificationToast transition issues (#1355)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/cool-apes-live.md

---
'@sumup/circuit-ui': patch
---

> Fixed the NotificationToast transitions issue, so the toast appear with smoother fade + height transition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the issue of the NotificationToast transition, now the toast appears with a smoother fade and height transition.
```
